hey Isis Charlie and and it's gonna do
like a video to basically tell you about
my recent experience we're buying a
tattoo kit off eBay right so always you
know if you watch the puppy but you've
got a check just so low and everything
is basically a genuine seller so I
checked everything and I went to buy my
china tatto cut off eBay which I
shouldn't have done
they are absolutely terrible I spent
only $23.99 on it and provide some
packaging which I assume is a bargain
because I was gonna practice tattoo him
so I got it last week and I was doing a
bit of tattooing fro three hours or so I
put it away and I went to a nice
something sweet and I when I came back
to go and set it back up again stopped
working
like when I pressed on the pedal the
vibrations wouldn't come back anymore
and the actual power box is still on but
I think it might win the puzzle that a
blowin or something every but I didn't
have up too high or anything I put on
though and everything was basically put
up well it just basically broke on me
and it's a waste of money the people
that um sells I'm actually from China
and they only get fourteen days until
you're not allowed to rape under
anything they wanted me to send it back
to the UK warehouse and then they wanted
to ship it off to China and then they
were gonna give a refund of half which
was sort of like ten pounds so there
were absolute rip off and we couldn't
get back in contact with them they
didn't refund us we gave them bad
feedback and now I'm selling my tattoo
kit for faulty parts so don't buy off a
bait the tattoo kit they're absolutely
terrible I thought I could trust them
because it seemed basically logic but
they are absolutely terrible do not buy
off a eBay at-at okay anyway I've bought
piercing going that it's absolutely fine
because it's no
then to anything it is basically
man-made and it's straightforward since
the click of a button but don't worry
anything you have to hook up my
electricity or anything because that is
where it's gonna go wrong so don't see
it basically telling you just to be
where I was on those people that thought
they're just lying in it's gotta be fine
I'll use practicing our fake skin anyway
so it all seems dandy never tended to
actually guide it so I wouldn't
recommend buying it so if you're gonna
parts and at least get a bit tight okay
not front iron or a brown line for like
50 60 pounds see ya oh so it's just a
quick update but yeah so watch out for
my Fidelis I'll have some more videos up
this week anyway